// Ёто пример текста, который приводит Grammarly дл€ демонстрации своих возможностей
// ¬ тексте специально допущены разные типы ошибок

For years I have been driving an old used car with a lot of mileage, and I hate it. It gets me where I need to go, but IТm tired of fixing leaks and broken parts all the time. It`s annoying that I have to take it to a mechanic every time. Even when they take care of everything, I know in a week IТll just end up going back there.
//  ак текст из их редактора спарсилс€ в блокнот,это конечно печально
I have finally decided that I am not going to do it anymore. I have decided to buy a new car! Unfortunately, I have a problem. I have no idea what car to get. Do I want something fast? Do I want something big? Do I want something stylish? Something economical? I have so many choices that I donТt even know where to begin. I am not sure if I will be able to make the decision on my own. I don't have a lot of money either, so I probably don't have many option.

After I did some research, I knew that I would need some expert advice. Eventually, I went to a local dealership to check out some new models. I talked to the saleswoman and listened at she carefully. Her honesty and professionalism were really impressive. She had a lot of vary helpful suggestions and showed myself some safe affordable choices. After a long discussion I finally decided which one I wanted. She not only helped me with the paperwork and finished the sale, but also the insurance. I was expecting this purchase to be a serious hassle, but the experience was almost painless. Everything went smoothly, and now I have a brand new car!

I was so excited when I pulled out of the lot that the first thing I did was change lanes right in front of other car. УThat wasn't very nice,Ф I thought to myself. I needed to relax. I didnТt realize what a serious mistake I had made however. I hadnТt just cut off any other car, I had cut off a police car! It took a few seconds to realize what was happening when I saw the flashing lights in my rearview mirror. By the time I had managed to pull over, my heart was racing. I gathered all the paperwork as he approached my window.

УYou forgot to signal back thereФ said Officer Johnson, according to his nametag.

УYes, well, itТs a new car so I guess I was a bit unfamiliar with the controls,Ф I stammered.

He looked at me skeptically.

УIТm pretty sure the controls for the turn signal are in the same place on every car.Ф

What could I say? He was right.

УIТm sorry,Ф I ventured.

He looked over my paper work and noticed that the car was new.

УIt would be unfortunate to get a ticket on your first day in a new vehicle,Ф he said, smiling. УTry not to cut in front of anyone on your way home.Ф

I had never felt so relieved in my life.

УThank you, officer!Ф

As he made his way back to his car I let out a huge sigh. I took a few seconds to compose myself before shifting into gear and driving away from the side of the rode. Now I have a brand new car and a story to tell!